hello everybody and welcome to the
unboxing of my new my new printer either
samsung it's a samsung laser printer mic
mac home Matt Graham laser printer he's
can you get a one touch print screen
just there if you can't see it I'm
better where's my remote there's oom in
a bit you got the one touch and then you
got mobile printing which is just dead
you can't sinking sorry for this people
yeah and you got mobile printing with
wireless connection we look on the top
here it tells you what comes in the box
you got the print obviously because that
would help you instruction menu i
believe the toner it is a laser printer
so you get tone of it I reckon that's
paper you got some kind of power light
and you don't get the connection need
it's acceptable on Mac OS and windows
which is excellent and yes it is Wi-Fi
so let's go to the unboxing and let's
not cut myself because I'd be really
unfortunate the last unboxing I did and
because I don't do mini unboxings but
you've had quite a few lately you've had
their keyboard one and no iphone which
may not yesterday so well by the time
you see this wings upon of me last week
so as quickly it was from Argus my last
printer stopped working so i actually
got this you're free because it's under
its guaranteed home so let's click open
here you've got the British cable kit
airbrush you stand the Briton one plug
your free pin and you plug in there here
you've got the american version you get
your free pin but you're slightly
different compared to the British
receive your Washington America that's
the pre pin for Britain and miss you up
in from America I guess so I won't be
using that anytime I won't be using at
least I go to America I really do it hey
you've got the instruction manual
justice you need I tell you how to plug
it in that Easter became if you want to
do it button why'd they use Wi-Fi so i
will be why fine it up i will be using
my car you got these firm you finna be
cheeks obviously I now paying all this
stuff on the desk that print is gonna go
on which is not a good idea you got this
bit of carbon other than was all about
and hey you got the print adjust here so
let's lift it up and your sonic inside
and that's just the box and so nothing
important it's just this is the
important machine for this thing here
you have much better step approaches
which I guess is the cover I've never
had a laser printer before I've always
been like I didn't get one because it's
so expensive thus on spires but it's the
best I'm button over down there be the
biggest best best them to another done
from our luggage run boxing's got a fun
experience now and I believe this is the
only one up for easy samsung laser
printer i gave you what yet sheet what
printed it is he's samsung main main
chromates Britain I don't know the code
but I will tell you later in each group
number line so you've got all these
funny bits here don't you just love that
sound see you got some buttons here
you got just hear you've got a power
button retardo if it a stir and print
screen but because you can print screen
button on this which is excellent so
let's make it bigger Zoomer on the front
here you print that easy setup bloody of
our easy Wi-Fi story easy printer lie
bloody does so it's open it up and that
is in here the toner and that use your
the toner is black and white
unfortunately which I don't print in
color anyway so I doesn't bother me you
paper goes well your paper comes up
paper goes in there I believe it comes
out of there which is an extra printer
um I believe that is it I can't think of
anything else to talk about I'm pretty
much we can open this up as well we want
to open this up as love cheese why not
here you have the wire what goes in the
back I'll show you just there which we
know I won't use because i'm going to
use is the wirelessly and the next step
I plastic the thing you get is you disc
which you need to set it up with you get
to the quick install installation guide
you just tells you how to unbox it
uh-huh
so let's plug into the mains Joseph a
lot of rubbish here you've got the
massive foot of a thousand languages in
because yeah quick garden up can you
read that note see a thousand guide
language and this is your warranty card
just saying you got a year rolling
through on it which you get any way with
the printer or you can buy extra
warranty which I do how cuz me and print
now don't mix because this is the third
printer I've had from them from Argus
yeah I am naming it so thanks for
watching my samsung printer unboxing I'm
getting bit good of these unboxings
because the first one box on every dude
was rubbish at got more details I'll put
everything about the pinion in the
description down below to let you know
that we're will be a full review
sometime in a couple weeks time
someone's of these to print a few times
I'll tell you what it's like and also
you can use your mobile phone to print
from it so you download an app on your
phone or your Android phone or even your
Apple phone i'm guessing the hope so so
you can print from your android which is
excellent because I've always wanted to
print for my android phone not really
but hey why not so thanks for watching
my unboxing there'll be a full review of
the samsung printer easy set-up guide
lardy value up Wi-Fi don't forget an
effort huh thanks for watching my
unboxing see sometimes saying